A Quality World Map
By IcePenguin, distributed with permission by Chesko

Version: 9.0 / 8.4 (dated 12/6/2016)

Available Styles:

	9.0 Vivid (All Stone Roads)
	9.0 Vivid (All Flat Roads)
	9.0 Paper
	8.4 Classic (All Roads)
	8.4 Classic (Main Roads)

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ all below for important info about what this mod includes, what you'll be getting, and what to expect.

-- DESCRIPTION - VIVID and CLASSIC

This mod provides a new set of highly-detailed world map textures, complete with roads! This mod also adds a detailed Solsteim map. Best when coupled with the "Clear Map Skies" add-on.

-- DESCRIPTION - PAPER

For the first time, a flat, high quality paper map is available from the world map for Skyrim. Rather than being a simple copy of the existing paper map texture, it was painstakingly recreated using worldspace reference screenshots, the map texture, and custom art assets. The result is something any adventurer would be proud to have tucked away in their pack.

Tilt/zoom controls are disabled when viewing the paper map. You can still pan the camera.

Have fun!

-- COMPATIBILITY

Vivid and Classic Map: Compatible with nearly anything.

Paper Map: Do NOT use the Clear Map Skies add-on for A Quality World Map, or any mod that modifies map clouds with this mod. It is incompatible.

Compatible with other map marker mods.

-- (UN)INSTALL

It can be safely installed and uninstalled mid-game.

Paper Map: After uninstalling, make sure to exit the game completely to restore your world map settings.

-- ABOUT SOLSTHEIM

A paper map for Solstheim is not included.

-- A NOTE ABOUT MAP MARKERS AND THE PAPER MAP

There is an outstanding issue where the paper map is rendered in 2D, but the markers are still 3D. So when the camera is panned around, the markers appear to "float" or "swim" across the map. It's worse in areas of high elevation. This is because the map marker's positions are determined by their 3D position in the game world. I'm sure this will absolutely wreck some people's immersion, but, I'd rather have IcePenguin's hard work released now. Personally, I think it looks pretty great. You might not agree, and that's OK. IcePenguin and I did the best we could.

The problem is that the world map camera is a perspective (3D) camera, and what we really want is an orthogonal projection (2D) camera. I can't change the camera type as that's deep in the game code. I can't fix it in the UI, either (I tried). The map marker positions are updated every frame by the game itself from pre-computed values. The only way to fix it would be to move the map markers themselves, and that's a risky change. It's possible that this might be a feasible thing to do, but I wouldn't get my hopes up for it. This is probably the closest we will ever get to a flat paper map.

-- PERMISSION

Distribution permission found here: http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/4929